Hello World is a simple OAuth app that can be used to quickly test single sign-on and other service provider
configurations without requiring to host an application in external application server.

Note that this application does not allow you to test inbound protocol configurations of the service provider. If you
 wish to test different inbound protocols configurations with the service provider, you can try out our quick start
 guide - https://docs.wso2.com/display/IS570/Quick+Start+Guide

You can simply run the hello-world.sh/hello-world.bat script and the application will self register in the
Identity Server and will be up and ready to test. The application will be registered in the Identity Server with the
prefix 'HelloAuth-*', you can modify the edit the application from the management console to test different service
provider configuration.

In case, if you need to change the defaults of the application, you
can refer the below optional arguments which can be provided during application startup.

Before you begin, make sure the Identity Server is up and running and to provided the necessary parameters for the
application below, only if the defaults configuration of the Identity Server is changed. e.g: hostname, port, admin
credentials.

Usage: sh hello-world.sh/hello-world.bat [OPTIONS]

Available Options:

   -h, --help       Display help menu and exit.
   -H, --idphost    Hostname of the Identity Server. Default: localhost
   -P, --idpport    Port of the Identity Server. Default: 9443
   -a, --apphost    Hostname of the application. Set this if the application is
                    accessed through a hostname other than localhost. This will be used to
                    construct the redirect URI for the application
   -p, --appport    Port which the application should start in. Default: 9090
   -c, --appcontext URL context of the application. This will be use to construct app redirect URL. Default: /
                    e.g: If the app is running as http://localhost:9090/hello/, provide the context as /hello
   -u, --username   Admin username of Identity Server. This will be used to authenticate with APIs. Default: admin
   -p, --password   Password of admin user. This will be used to authenticate with APIs. Default: admin

If none of the above arguments are provided at the application startup, it will assume the default values.

Additionally, you can also set the above parameter is conf/hello-world.properties file.
Note: Changing the app.port or app.context parameter will not change the port and context which the application getting
started. These values will be used to construct the redirect URL of the application during the application
registration.

This application is developed to provide a quick way to test a service provider with various configurations (except
inbound protocol configuration) without requiring to host a third-party application in an external application
container.

If you wish to follow a more detailed samples on Identity Server use cases, please follow out Quick Start Guide:
https://docs.wso2.com/display/IS570/Quick+Start+Guide